Oct week3 (#180)
Open-Attestation/documentation-website: website/docs/integrator-section/verifiable-document/ethereum/revoking-document.md

## Verifying the document

> Head to `dev.opencerts.io` or `dev.tradetrust.io` and drag and drop the revoked document. An error will display in the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head to `dev.opencerts.io` or `dev.tradetrust.io` and drag and drop the revoked document. An error will be displayed in the portal.
```

Author: "an error will display" is more recommended than "an error will be displayed".
